# User Stories

1. User A is a busy professional with expendable income. User A has chores that need to be done around the house, like vacuuming and dusting, but is currently swamped with work. User A doesn’t want to hire a cleaning service due to the complexities of setting up a contract, so A uses TaskCrow to find someone willing to complete the job for an agreed upon price.
2. User B has a low income. B needs someone to babysit his child because he has to take on extra shifts at work. B compared other service sites with TaskCrow, but found out that TaskCrow was the cheapest amongst the other sites. B chooses TaskCrow to find the cheapest babysitter.
3. User C has a part time job and wants to pick up additional work from time to time on the side. As this will not be a regular thing, user C does not want to enter into an employment contract, but still desires the certainty of compensation that a contract traditionally provides. User C joins TaskCrow to search for jobs on the side. 
4. User D works for a handyman company and is disgruntled with his employer. He is seeking an alternative way to use his skills, so he joins TaskCrow to receive high compensation for his work with the flexibility to make his own hours and choose which jobs he takes.
5. User E is doing a renovation and needs to source some work to contractors but has heard horror stories of contractors leaving town before the work is finished. User E uses TaskCrow to find trustable contractors with the necessary skills though the reviews and search features, all while ensuring that the work will be completed. 
6. User F needed to buy his girlfriend a present for their 3rd anniversary, but was swamped with work. F started to search service sites for a personal shopper, but could not find one. Then, F found that TaskCrow had the service. User F uses TaskCrow to get his girlfriend the present.

